[, [[, test: Condense -n and -z options, alternate wording for && || (#8721)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/test.md

`test "{{$MY_VAR}}" == "{{/bin/zsh}}"`

> - Test if a given variable is empty[z]/non-empty:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Test if a given variable is empty[z]/[n]on-empty:
```

> `test {{-z|-n}} "{{$GIT_BRANCH}}"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`test -{{z|n}} "${{variable}}"`
```

Optional fix: reduce duplication: `-` can be moved out of the placeholder.
Optional fix: consistency violation: second placeholder can be updated to conform the rest of pages.

`test ! -d "{{path/to/directory}}"`

> - If condition is true, echo "true" runs, if the condition is false then echo "false" runs:

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure this is a big improvement. The example itself is quite self-explainatory, so I think we can keep the description more general.

Reviewer 2: Can this conversation be marked as resolved?

> - If condition is true, echo "true" runs, if the condition is false then echo "false" runs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Run first command if a specific condition is true, otherwise a second one:
```

Optional fix: sentence generalization: sentence can be generalized not to update it later on placeholder content change.
